When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
When there are multiple collaborators on the project, or I may use more than one device to publish changes from. Or, if I simply want to safefuard against losing my repository by having a remote version in the cloud.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
First of all maybe I  just don't need to update a repository everytime something changed, just when I want to use locally. Second, pulling automatically might modify the structure of my local repo in a way that is undesirable for me.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Branches exist inside one specific repository, as labels pointing to different commits. Clones are copied versions of a repository: you can either clone your local repository to another local one, or clone your remote to a local. Forks are for creating a new remote repository by copying the contents of an existing (usually somebody else's) repository. Github will store the reference, but changes in your fork won't affect the original repository.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
We can aim to synchronize with that state locally before pushing changes back to origin.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Without Git (or any other VC system), I think I'd try to fall back to Google Drive, without autosync. One think would be easier: the workflow itself for "uploading the code" is much leaner. There are a lot of downsides, however: it's less failproof, versioning by folders is really cumbersome, there is no built-in assistance for merge request code reviews.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
Either when I have to collaborate with others, or when I want to test-drive some experimental changes first. Making changes directly to master undeniably makes the workflow much simpler, although it's a much less refined (and failproof) waz of working together or trying out new things.
